Update known-issues.md (#1454)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/post-install/transcoding/hardware-acceleration/known-issues.md

    - Issue: [https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin/issues/11380](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin/issues/11380)
    - Ubuntu bug: [https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/2072755](https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/2072755)

> 13. Intel Compute-Runtime versions starting at 25.18.33578.6 are broken for certain GPUs. The issue has been verified on [Alchemist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_Arc#Alchemist) series GPUs. If you are using one of the effected models it will be necessary to install the latest known working version of 25.13.33276.16 until the [issue](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/issues/831) is fixed. This can effect containers as well, if you are not using the [official image](https://hub.docker.com/r/jellyfin/jellyfin), check your version in container as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Intel Compute-Runtime versions starting at 25.18.33578.6 are broken for certain GPUs. The issue has been verified on Arc A series GPUs. If you are using one of the effected models it will be necessary to install the latest known working version of 25.13.33276.16 until the [issue](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/issues/831) is fixed. This can effect containers as well, if you are not using the [official image](https://hub.docker.com/r/jellyfin/jellyfin), check your version in container as well.
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @linkandzelda91 
You have markes this comment as Resolved, but you did not change anything on this line yet.
Please adress the review.
Kind regards.
